doc: Add more application documentation (#211)
TheThingsIndustries/generic-node-se: Software/app/secure_element_lorawan/README.md

# secure_element_lorawan

## Description

> This application showcases LoRaWAN functionality using a HW secure element (ATECC608A-TNGLORA).

Reviewer: maybe add a link from our docs about the secure element?

Author: Good idea

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Configuration

The application behavior can be adjusted by modifying [`conf/app_conf.h`](./conf/app_conf.h).

- `GNSE_ADVANCED_TRACER_ENABLE` enables UART (115200/8-N-1) logging of application activity

```c
#define GNSE_ADVANCED_TRACER_ENABLE 1
```

- `DEBUGGER_ON` enables the use of a debugger in low power mode

```c
#define DEBUGGER_ON       1
```

> > Please note: It's best to disable the tracer and debugger functionality to reduce power consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note that it is best to disable the tracer and debugger functionalities to reduce power consumption.
```
